what's up guys today we have a very
quick tutorial showing you how you can
set up an AI customer support line for
your business or for those of your
clients that's able to answer from a
custom knowledge base let's get into it
the best platform that I found to get
these things set up quick and easily is
called air AI so there'll be a link down
in the description this is not a
sponsored video you can click to create
a free account of course I've already
got my own here so once you've created
an account and you've logged in you get
to a screen that looks a little bit like
this the first step to getting your
custom knowledge AI agent set up is go
to the knowledge base tab here click new
knowledge base and here we're going to
call it uh customer support KB call it
whatever you want and here we can upload
a document that's going to be added to
our knowledge base so I'm going to go
upload documents off screen I've created
a demo for bills balloon Outlets which
is something I've featured on the
channel before a e-commerce store that
sells balloons I've just use chat G to
generate this you can use your own
documents as you wish but the concept
Remains the Same so add this in go next
then what AI does on the side is splits
all of the FAQs out into these flash
cards which are super helpful we can add
custom actions on which is outside the
scope of this video but let me know down
below if you'd like to see me do a video
on that once we've created our knowledge
base we have all the cards set up like
this we can go back to create we can
create a new agent I'm going to call
this support bot customer
service general
standard I'm going to go at customer
support KB knowledge base that we just
created opening pullback answers what
the AI is going to respond with if it
doesn't have an answer in the KB and
then we can go save now I want to make
sure that we've connected the right
knowledge face yep I want to maybe
change the accent I let the southern
female one here then with all of this
set up we're almost ready to test things
out what we need to do is just set up
our twio account very quickly so if you
click on Integrations up here and you go
to the tlio settings if you go to
too.com you need to log in or create an
account if you don't have one already
and here on the T dashboard we want to
go to phone numbers manage buy a
number here you can just click to buy a
number you can choose the country or the
area code that you want to pi the number
for doesn't really matter once you
bought a phone number it will appear in
active numbers make sure that something
is showing up here then to connect your
toio to your AI account you can click on
this console link up here takes you to
your dashboard then you'll see in your
account info the Sid and the or token so
you want to copy both of these one at a
Time come back and paste them in here
and then save head to campaigns next we
want to click launcher campaign scroll
down and accept all these ter conditions
going to call this support line we're
going to change this to inbound calling
going to select the agent the support B
we've just created area code we can
leave that then you can set a budget I'm
just going to put $10 awesome I
understand now that we have our phone
line set up we can click on this and
here we can see one of our too numbers
that we just purchased has been assigned
to the number that people can call into
so now if I give these guys a
ring hi this is Debbie Bill's wife
welcome to Bill's balloons Outlet how
can I help hi there I was wondering if
you ship outside the United States
currently we only ship within the United
States okay and uh how long does
shipping usually Che standard shipping
usually takes about 3 to 5 business days
but if you need your order sooner we do
offer expedited shipping options for an
additional fee cool I'm interested in a
custom order do you do custom balloon
ERS absolutely we specialize in custom
balloons for personal events corporate
branding and more just get in touch with
our customer service for more
information on custom orders sweet thank
you and just like that we've been able
to set up a static phone line that has
an AI agent attached to it that can
answer questions from our custom
knowledge base this is a super handy
thing to be able to do and of course the
customer support use case is just one
way of doing things but I hope that's
been helpful for you guys I wanted to
make it short and sweet showing you how
to use Airi to get these things set up
if you've enjoyed please hit down below
and leave a like on the video and
subscribe to the channel if you want
more AI content like this teaching you
how to build and sell AI Solutions if
you're interested in learning more about
AI voice use cases you can check out my
video here breaking down how to make an
outbound calling system but aside from
that that's all from the video guys
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you in the next one
